staggering defeat sticks in Oyster Cult
assembled in the recording studio on
late nineteen seventy six for a session
with famed producer mrs. moody to crank
it up for another year book and luckily
for us the cameras are rolling alright
guys I gotta tell you we're going to lay
down this track by the way my name is
moody yes the Moody and you got what
appears to be a died in my ear book I'm
it from emod that means a long I mean
you're like Rudy that's incredible the
kid's gonna really dig this your book
wait wait when you come back in here a
minute please what are you sure that was
handing ok I was going to be a great
track guys I gotta tell you I've got the
fever and the only prescription and cure
is more cowbell so Katie explore the
space I find Jeannie's cattle photo
strategy yeah I can pull back a little
bit like oh you know got to myself oh um
I think you're going to want to crank it
up it has a great girl Bella night here
up Katie what are you go down that
double together all right two three